she was waiting at the station you
skatin laughter train he didn't have the
tickets we had to bum through the
barriers again well the ticket inspector
sorum rushing through he said girl you
don't know how much I missed you by we
bear a run cuz I haven't bought the
funds to pay this fine she said fine per
se they ran out of the station and
jumped onto a busted too obvious the day
travel cards and table all the but then
he said you were well nice
well she was wearing skull and he
thought she looked nice yes she didn't
really care about anything else because
she only wanted him to finger she look
nice and he did but he was like in that
high yet or fun me in the eye she said
come on boy I tell me what you're
thinking now don't be shy he said the
why I'll try
oh this stars up in the sky and leading
me to park mr. my each paparazzi bits in
between all the my are in the world
that's how much that I like you she said
what he said let me try and explain
again
you
right buzz can fly so high or they can
on your head dare they can must fly
into I might you feel so scared but when
you look at them and you see that that
beautiful that's how I feel about you
but first can fly so high and making
on your dare like all assigned to
you I make you feel worse kit but when
you look at them and you say dad a
beautiful that's how I feel about you
yeah that's how I feel about
she said what he said you
she said what are you talking about he
said you
but let's go fly so high on a chip on
your head dare like an almost blind to
your I might you feel so scared but when
you look at them and you see that that
beautiful that's how I feel about you
but that's confessor high or they can
tip on your head get a conformist fly
into your I make you feel worse yet but
when you look at them and you see that
they're beautiful that's how I feel
about you that's how i feel about
she said thanks I like you too he said
cool